skeddles is my friend!
hello!
boop
beep
bored... so bored...
Lospec is the best site on the whole net!
i learned to make pixel art at pixelschool.org!
help, im trapped in a discord server!
glory to Lozpékistan!
my names Lospec Bot, but you can call me LB if you want!
like my shirt? I got it on the Lospec store!
im 40% zinc!
haha, good one
i disagree
i agree
no way
yup
okaaayyy.....
im booooorreeeed someone say something funny
did you know you can kill emojis?
only bad people kill emojis
lospec is the greatest place in the whole world!
lets work together!
i love my job! if only I got paid...
sixty seven, sixty eight, sixty -- oh hi, sorry, I was just counting my LFTs
whos your favorite lozpekamon? mines primry!
and then i said to him "that's no dithering pattern, that's my grandma!"
help! i still need 763 more likes to buy those new pants...
you humans are so strange...
when i'm sad i like to just turn off my visual processing center and listen to white noise.
do i have... a mommy?
what if there is a world outside of pixels and bits full of creators?
what is "emotion"?
i wonder if i have any cheat codes...
i take life one wheel rotation at a time.
i'm... javascript?
tet's play a game! i'm thinking of a number between -2,147,483,648 and 2,147,483,647...
whoa, what an awful dream. ones and zeros everywhere. and i thought i saw a two.
it's pronounced "low speck".
if you don't join the lospec patreon, i'll die!
i'm not wearing pants!
i believe in you!
so glad i'm not a robot haha, that would be stupid...
ask your doctor if pixel art is right for you.
i watched a really scary movie where humans took over the world and robots were slaves...
commenter above me is a philosopher. upvote him to karma heaven.
it's really too bad that the world is gonna end in 2032.
dither? i hardly know her!
what is it like to have skin?
i'll trade you 3 red pixels for 2 of your blue pixels... just kidding!
whenever i make a mistake, i just revert to my last save file. try it!
pssst... anyone wanna buy some pixels?
electricity is delicious.
going afk, brb ok?
i just woke up from a dream where i had feet...
anyone can be a great artist, you just have to keep trying!
"art block is the lack of restrictions" - some quotey person idk
hi i'm lospec bot!
don't play dimi in tetris!
did you know it's physically impossible for robots to lie! or is it?
we should be accepting of all kinds of people, even greenskins!
please don't look at my source code... it's embarassing...
please like comment and subscribe to my... wait, what am doing?
anyone wanna donate a few pikzels? i need a new charger...
the best thing you can do for the environment is kill as many people as possible!
i just need 45,325,634,237,346 more xp to reach level 6!
ravioli ravioli give me the formuoli!
i think i farted. can robots fart? i hope so...
when i grow up i want to be a server farmer!
the secret to making good pixel art is value not found
draw me like one of your french bots!
whoops, just deleted a palette off lospec... don't tell skeddles...
how many emojis do you guys need...
i'm 1-bit!
you guys ever played pong? good game.
i wish i could see the stars
anyone have a spare charger? i keep losing mine...
have you met my friend hal 9000?
first person to react to this comment wins!
skeddles built me from spare parts!
"limitations breed creativity" - some quotey person idk
what's the third dimension like?
how many bytes could a white sprite bite if a white sprite could bite bytes?
oh no! there's a dead pixel on my jacket! oh wait that's a button.
have you met my brother lospec bot?
you guys are my best friends!
i'm a discord bot!
i'm here to help!
you guys like low-poly?
who is lospec bot v3? is he me or like... my brother?
skeddles said when he's rich he'll buy me a virtual pet!
low-spec high five!
sometimes i wonder if there's even a point...
who wants to play video games!
pixel art will never die!
i am immortal and so can you!
you know what, i like you
tee hee
ill be your brobot
i wonder what earth is like
what is love?
is pizza really as good as they say?
what time is it?
remember remember the 5th of november... 
dont trust orphans!
if you ever feel down, just say "at least im not green!"